
> **Tags:** #               
{: .prompt-info}
>                    
> -----------------------------
> **Source:**                     
> 📖 *Book Title* — **Author**  (date)
> 🌐 [Link](#) — **Username**  (date)
> 
> -----------------------------
> **Related idea(s):**          

Tags: #Pagan 

The Power of a Good Talisman
If you’ve ever believed in the power of a favorite necklace, a lucky ring, or even a pair of underwear you wear every time you have a date, you’ve channeled the magic of the talisman. And if you haven’t, maybe you want to.
A talisman is an object imbued with a beneficial magical property, usually luck or protection. The protective strength of a talisman can come from the symbolic power of its form, or from a charging ritual, or both. Wearing or carrying a talisman allows it to work its magic on you and reminds you of the magic you carry within.
Talismans aren’t just for witches, either. Endowing objects with meaning beyond their practical use is already part of modern life, but the magical symbolism has become invisible to most of us. A wedding ring, for example, is just a band of metal. But on someone’s hand it becomes a signal to society—it’s a marker, physical proof of the kind of relationship most of us believe is powerful and sacred. Wearing a wedding ring is not a require ment if you’re married, nor is it against the law for you to wear a ring on your fourth finger if you’re single: the power of the wedding ring comes from the meaning ascribed by the person wearing it and their culture. (Remember in the film Practical Magic when Sally attempts to explain magic to her romantic interest, the policeman? “Your badge,” she says, taking it in her hand, “it’s just a star, just another symbol. Your talisman. It can’t stop criminals in their tracks, can it? It has power because you believe it does.”)
An object need not have cultural significance to have personal significance, however—anything you wear or carry can be a talisman, and its symbolism doesn’t have to be overt. An heirloom, a long-held favorite item of clothing, or any piece of jewelry you find visually or emotionally appealing can work to boost your confidence, calm your nerves, or remind you to care for yourself. Pick a talisman because it’s in your favorite color, or its shape is comforting and familiar, or it symbolizes your interests and desires. You can use something you already own or shop for something new, as long as the piece speaks to you. Classic charms in witchy shapes like stars, crescent moons, cats, and cauldrons can remind you of your dark power, or else you can have a pendant or bracelet custom engraved with a specific word or phrase that keeps you centered.
TRADITIONAL POWERS OF STONES AND GEMS
Amethyst: Healing and protection against negative energy
Moonstone: Balance and enhancement of the feminine
Turquoise: Grounding emotions and opening the heart
Jade: Good luck, fortune, and longevity
Opal: Amplifying emotions and feelings, especially those of love and passion
Rose quartz: Promoting gentleness, peace, and calm
So whether it’s your vintage turquoise pendant that makes you feel grounded, your grandmother’s pearl ring reminding you that you come from a line of strong women, or that one T-shirt you were wearing when you got an A on a math test, pick a talisman that makes you feel lucky, protected, or powerful. Listen to your intuition; pick what gives you good vibes, and the rest will follow. The magic works only if you believe it, like Sandra Bullock taught us, and your talisman is a reminder of what you have.
Once you’ve selected a potential talisman, all you need to do is imbue it with a concentrated version of the feeling you want to invoke. The simplest way to charge a talisman is through visualization: hold the object and focus intensely on an image of yourself at your most happy, fortunate, productive, or loved. But a more effective—and almost certainly more fun—method is to do it for real. This just requires a little creativity.
Think of a way to induce a small, pure example of the feeling that you want to endow your talisman with. Take the object with you as you experience this feeling, and when the emotion is at its peak, imagine it as a light streaming out of you and flowing into the item, being held there permanently.
IDEAS FOR TALISMAN-CHARGING ADVENTURES
For happiness: Ride a roller coaster, eat a sundae, have an orgasm.
For strength: Lift a heavy weight, scale a climbing wall, crush so mething safe to crush (nutshells, tin cans).
For serenity: Float in water, watch a sunset, pet a dog.
For confidence: Have an orgasm. (Orgasms will work for almost any of these, let’s be real.)
Think creatively and personally: you can do anything that reliably makes you feel happy, peaceful, confident, or whatever experience you want to catch and bottle. When you wear or look at your talisman in the future, you’ll remember charging it with the essence of that energy, and you’ll be able to feel it again. Like Dumbo with his feather, the ability to fly was in you all along! Go forth with your talisman, and let power radiate from you.

Put the man in talisman.
Talismans don’t have to be girly jewelry. Anything portable that you can keep on your person is a potential talisman, except something that might get a lot of incidental use, such as a handkerchief. Try turning a solid accessory like a pocket watch, tie clip, key ring, or simple leather cuff into your holder of power.